feat(ui): Provide in-game display of damage dropoff on weapons. (#9083)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/_ui/tooltips.txt

tip "range:"
	`Total range of this weapon.`

> tip "dropoff modifier:"
> 	`Multiplier to damage at max range.`
> 
> tip "dropoff range:"
> 	`Ranges between which the damage falls off from 100% to the displayed dropoff modifier.`

Reviewer: How do these sound?
```suggestion
tip "dropoff modifier:"
	`The multiplier applied to the damage of this weapon once its projectile has reached the maximum dropoff range.`

tip "dropoff range:"
	`The starting and ending range between which the damage of this weapon ramps from 100% to the displayed dropoff modifier.`
```
